README.md, before:

# gnsc3301-GroupProject2023
This repository is for my group computing project. It will be used to keep track of who aids is which parts of the project and to also keep all of the information in one place. 
We have successfully shared the repository in GitHub and are both able to access it. We will both add information collected from our Capstone project to keep everything organized. 

Plan/Goals:
  Preslea will be working in RStudio and Alissa will be working in Python. All communication will be through RStudio/GitHub. We will be using these sources in cohesion with our Capstone Project. We will be programming a one-ANOVA or two-ANOVA depending on our analysis, to analyze data from our Capstone experiments. We will divide the project into RStudio (Preslea) and Python (Alissa), so programming will be split evenly. The data we have collected so far includes colony counts on agar plates, types of bacteria identification, and soon will include the effects of disinfectants on the types of bacteria. Our goal is to create cohesive sources for our data.

Progress:
  Preslea and I (Alissa) have created a GitHub repository that works effectively, along with a folder for our project in Rstudio. Both of us have access to makes changes within Rstudio and GitHub. We both have also made SSH keys to communicate with our computers cohesively. We have researched code that might be helpful for making the most effective ANOVA for our capstone. We have not found any code that we will actually utilize, but are still in the process of researching.

Conclusion:
  I (Preslea) was able to use RStudio to analyze our Capstone. The data collected was put into a Text File including the 6 Disinfectants, and each of their Colony counts from three different plates. The data was imported from text, making a 2x19 table. This data was then able to be analyzed through a One-ANOVA. The data was plotted as well. A summary was ran to determine significant differences, or P-values. A Tukey test was performed to indicate where the specific signifiant differences were located. This concludes the RStudio section of this project.
  
  Alissa was able to run the ANOVA in Python. This was done by importing the data from our Capstone Project; the same that was used in RStudio. A plot was created as well and a Tukey test was ran. This was done by importing pandas, statsmodels, and scipy into jupyter-lab and then running each of the functions as needed. Matplotlib was used to run a visual analysis of the one-ANOVA.

Commit message:

This is the updated ReadMe file with the Purpose of this project included.

README.md, after:

# gnsc3301-GroupProject2023
This repository is for my group computing project. It will be used to keep track of who aids is which parts of the project and to also keep all of the information in one place. 
We have successfully shared the repository in GitHub and are both able to access it. We will both add information collected from our Capstone project to keep everything organized. 

Purpose:
  We chose to perform a one-anova test in RStudio and Python to use the skills gained in our Computing II course and to provide supporting evidence for our Capstone project dealing with multiple different Disinfectants and bacteria Colonies. This illustrated that Isopropyl Alochol (IA) was much more ineffective than other Disinfectants such as Lysol, Bleach, Clorox, Mrs. Meyers, and Method.

Plan/Goals:
  Preslea will be working in RStudio and Alissa will be working in Python. All communication will be through RStudio/GitHub. We will be using these sources in cohesion with our Capstone Project. We will be programming a one-ANOVA or two-ANOVA depending on our analysis, to analyze data from our Capstone experiments. We will divide the project into RStudio (Preslea) and Python (Alissa), so programming will be split evenly. The data we have collected so far includes colony counts on agar plates, types of bacteria identification, and soon will include the effects of disinfectants on the types of bacteria. Our goal is to create cohesive sources for our data.

Progress:
  Preslea and I (Alissa) have created a GitHub repository that works effectively, along with a folder for our project in Rstudio. Both of us have access to makes changes within Rstudio and GitHub. We both have also made SSH keys to communicate with our computers cohesively. We have researched code that might be helpful for making the most effective ANOVA for our capstone. We have not found any code that we will actually utilize, but are still in the process of researching.

Conclusion:
  I (Preslea) was able to use RStudio to analyze our Capstone. The data collected was put into a Text File including the 6 Disinfectants, and each of their Colony counts from three different plates. The data was imported from text, making a 2x19 table. This data was then able to be analyzed through a One-ANOVA. The data was plotted as well. A summary was ran to determine significant differences, or P-values. A Tukey test was performed to indicate where the specific signifiant differences were located. This concludes the RStudio section of this project.
  
  Alissa was able to run the ANOVA in Python. This was done by importing the data from our Capstone Project; the same that was used in RStudio. A plot was created as well and a Tukey test was ran. This was done by importing pandas, statsmodels, and scipy into jupyter-lab and then running each of the functions as needed. Matplotlib was used to run a visual analysis of the one-ANOVA.
